feat(curriculum): make logical OR step more concise (#49494)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/comparisons-with-the-logical-or-operator.md

return "Yes";
```

> This will return `Yes` only if `num` is between `5` and `10` (5 and 10 included). The same logic can be written as:

Reviewer: Similar to the issue, I'd replace this with
```suggestion
This code will return `Yes` if `num` is between `5` and `10` (5 and 10 included). The same logic can be written with the logical or operator.
```

and I would change the sentence on line 16 as well.

> This code will return `Yes` if `num` is between `5` and `10` (5 and 10 included). The same logic can be written with the <dfn>logical or</dfn> operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This code will return `Yes` if `num` is between `5` and `10` (5 and 10 included). The same logic can be written with the <dfn>logical OR</dfn> operator.
```

> This code will return `Yes` if `num` is between `5` and `10` (5 and 10 included). The same logic can be written with the <dfn>logical or</dfn> operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code will return `Yes` if `num` is between `5` and `10` (`5` and `10` included). The same logic can be written with the <dfn>logical or</dfn> operator.
```

Don't forget to update line 16
